all right how are we doing yes that's
what we want to hear
okay so my name is Jonathan I'm a member
of the pure ghost team and I've got five
minutes to talk to you about pure ghosts
I tell you what it is its features and
how we're using ipfs to make the dream
come true so yeah five minutes one
chance all right let's go so what is
pure ghosts peer ghost is it's an
end-to-end encrypted peer-to-peer file
storage sharing and communication
network and we have some very particular
things that we want from this network so
in particular we want it to be resilient
so what do I mean by that I mean that it
should be generally very difficult to
disrupt or surveil we also want it to be
independent so we don't want to have to
rely on any centralized trust
architecture such as TLS CAS or the
domain name system we also want it to be
super secure so we want our users to be
able to share files with each other and
communicate with each other without any
metadata being generated and finally we
want it to be self hosted anyone should
be able to download a binary or clone
the code and assemble it stick it on a
machine and then get their own social
network and communications
communications platform happening as
well so why should you care about this
with all the alternatives that are out
there they can do things kind of like
this why should you care about pure
ghosts well number one security so we
offer safe login strong crypto in fact
if you're just using it for file storage
we're post quantum resistant we hide all
the metadata so you can't see things
like file size or directory structure
and again we're free of any centralized
trust architecture as well so we also
give you control so as I mentioned we
want it to be self hosted all and we let
you do that we also allow you to have
very very fine control over who sees
watch when you share we hide all your
contacts no other users and certainly
our peer ghost server can't see who
you're who your contacts are in what
you're doing and we allow you to remain
pseudonymous so by that I mean we don't
need a phone number or an email address
in order for you to sign up and use our
app we really want peer goes to be
convenient it should be in our minds it
should be as convenient as Dropbox or
Facebook so we have a web interface we
allow you to log in from any device we
allow file syncing
and of course publishing so even within
the network and to people outside of the
network as well so we provide you with
the ability to create public links to so
um the organizers were very explicit
that we shouldn't do a live demo so
instead what I'm going to do is I'm
going to flesh up the URL to the alpha
so please either write it down take a
photo point your brows brows read it now
and please try it out for yourself I'll
leave that up there for like five more
seconds and let's go okay so what does
ipfs got to do with all of this well
ipfs is really the backbone of peer goes
so we're using IP FS to store and share
our encrypted content so ipfs is really
a logical choice for this because we get
availability because it's distributed we
would get the distribution also implies
resiliency and control and that's just
all part of the package and the fact
that it's decentralized means that
there's no dns there's no centralized
authority or a single point of attack
that a malicious actor could go after
either so this really just fits the bill
very nicely for us so what does peer
cross actually do well peer ghost is
just an encryption and access control
layer built on top of IP FS so we have
the peer ghost client which talks to the
peer ghost server the peer ghost server
really just manages follow requests and
immutable pointers to the clients data
we're using IP FS it's a if you don't
know by now it's a content to the risk
file store so that gives those hashes to
the data we're using our own equivalent
of IP n s to point public keys to those
hashes and of course our PKI server main
manages all our public keys for our
users and in fact that but that's an
IPSS as well so how does your data
actually get into there so what the
client does is the client will take a
raw file chunk that up into five
megabyte junks we encrypt all those
independently they're then split up into
fragments up to 40 fragments of 120
kilobyte kilobytes each and that is what
gets uploaded to ipfs along with
encrypted metadata and the fragmented
hashes as well so I hope you find that
interesting and if you are interested by
all means please sign up to the alpha
try it out come talk to us tell us what
you like tell us
you don't like tell ask us how it works
you know crib whatever you want from it
you know I think these things get better
when people complain and talk so that's
really what we want you can check out
our github repo you can check out our
book we're on Twitter
we're on reddit as well pure ghost is
made with love and effort and healthy
distrust of the alternatives that are
out there and a desire to make a real
alternative so you know please please
please check us out and come tell us
what you think and I think I've got ten
seconds left so with that thank you very
much
[Applause]